Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture and this lecture.
We're going to go through the solutions mainly for the for the questions that you guys had regarding
the very available datatype mathematical operations presidents and really well a right.
Okay so let's take a look at the first question.
So what will this could generate.
So here I am asking you what do you guys expect.
So simply put if we get a call How do we do very well assignment.
So here we put 10 in two X and then here we put 20 on top of X again which means that we overwrote what
we had before and then it puts 15 on top of X..
Then I'm asking you to print X to tell me what's happening with x.
So obviously what are going to see here again without even running the code that X will have the latest
value or the most up to date value which is 15.
All right let's try on it.
So when you're on it you actually come up with 15 which makes complete sense.
Perfect.
You guys were able to figure it out on your own.
The next question that I'm asking you to do is I wanted to get the type of x you used to call we had
integer data type.
We had float data.
So here is because we put 10 in 2 X or 15 which is most up to date value into X from asking for the
type of x we should be expecting an integer value which makes complete sense again.
All right.
Perfect.
All right so here I'm asking you to get OK.
What about Z equals 2 X divided by Y.
Okay so I take X which is the most updated value which is 15.
OK.
If I divided by Y and I put it in Z Okay and then I wanted to plot What's the value of z on that.
Now we educate.
There is a problem section in Y is not even defined case where I'm asking you to do.
OK.
Hope you as well you were able to figure that out.
It's just go here and right.
Let's say y equal to let's say 3 for example right before doing this for actually running this game.
If I run it that would tell me the result of Z would be equal to 5 and then I'm asking you to write
okay what's a type of Z.
Afterwards if I had that that would tell me well the type of Z is actually float which means Because
here I'm performing kind of the division here.
Even if he did take a look at the numbering see this number it becomes 5.0.
Which means there's a fraction of a fraction an element associated with it and that's why the type becomes
float instead of actually having an integer value.
OK.
Right.
Great.
Perfect.
The next question that we have is we want you to write a code and that code will simply take a take
B and basically read the area and the perimeter of our rectangle.
So these are kind of the simple calculation here.
And then that's new to just assume any values for A and for B OK all right.
Let's take a look.
So here I am asking you to define a and find.
So going to say okay let's say eight equals two.
Let's say two for example.
I'm asking is Where would be equal to let's say three or.
And they found that there were 10.
Me Okay.
Now I'd rent a and b put two into a and I could see into B and then I wanted to define again if you
called a very difficult area and inside my area I'm going to put a multiply by B B.
If I add on that that will tell me basically.
Then you would say the cell has been ran already but I don't see anything because I plot plotted or
get a copy.
I'm going to paste in around it.
There was the enemy in my area with the six which makes sense.
I wanted to add a couple of new cells I mean I'll just do a They'll create more new sounds.
So that's kind of you know half of the question.
The second question is I wanted to through the perimeter which is two times bracket apprentices a plus.
Let's do that.
And then I say okay you get quality perimeter's just call it pair for example a preliminary equal to
say to multiply by and that's very important.
If Do not please don't illustrate a plus b.
Okay why.
Because according to presidents if you do that that means you get to do multiplication first and then
the result we're going to be added to B which is not true.
The key element here is that you need to add the parentheses.
Actually has been listed as well here.
That's kind of a hint for you as when you are controlling the perimeter anyways so here we're going
to do again two times a plus b.
Okay that will click.
My perimeter if I done that and if I wanted to let the view the perimeter I run it.
That will give me some value of 10 which is basically the perimeter.
If I have the two sides to and three you guys again can come up with any values and here's to come up
with whatever values.
But there's kind of you know that pretty much standard answer.
This is kind of the brain behind it.
When you do this once you have these right then you're good to go.
Then you answered the question right.
OK the next question I have for you is what will this code generate.
What do you expect to here.
So you did find a couple of variables x Equus 25 y 20 equals 3 and F equals to.
And I'm asking you to pick the answer key.
What is the answer of X minus Y Times Z divided by F OK again.
Obviously I'm not asking you to run the code because if you wanted to that would just simply cannot
generate the values.
But here again I'm asking you to do just give me like what do you expect even in a calculator proceed
from an on a calculator which is going to multiply again.
First you're going to do the prentice's first grade to get the x minus y.
So 25 minus 20 that will generate 5 great and then multiply the value 5 by Z which is 3 and then divide
by F..
Which is too great.
Right let's sit on it and let's see what's going to happen.
So I think that's okay.
Let's run this list on this one and then if I of the answers that will generate seven point five.
Okay all right.
You guys were able to figure that out.
Here what I'm asking to do is that I'm asking okay beside this when I ask you to add to kind of the
parentheses here to exact the same mathematical operation but I'm adding prentice's here.
What do you guys expect.
Actually if you run it you'll come up with the exact same value.
Why.
Because here the division is has a C pretty much the same kind of thing.
It doesn't really matter because if you once you add these practices right whatever value if you multiply
first and then divide it doesn't really matter.
Okay so the key element here is you need to add the parentheses here.
That's what matters.
This will make a difference.
Other than that does it really matter here What happened is you think there is on Multiply by Z and
then 0 taking the Z divided by F and then multiply as well.
They have the speed about the same order the same president's head is pretty much the same.
Surely the exact same result because there is no additional subtraction which might cause issues.
What about here.
If I do this what's going to happen is going to again do this first.
And whatever the result multiplied by Z divided by f k for I that there actually is an exact same result
which makes sense OK.
However if I go for example I remove let's say X minus Y for it to come up with a totally different
answer.
Why.
Because this we're going to be performed first.
OK which is prentice's time multiplication first and then the result we're going to be subtracted minus
X.
OK that's totally different.
However once you have these parentheses here okay and you're on it then you're good to go.
Okay.
Actually.
It's because I added his Z as kind of part of the answer.
That's why.
And so is messed up.
So that's why we need to go ahead and run them all again.
And that's why I'm up with the exact same answer which is to live with faith.
Or.
Okay great.
I hope you guys were able to figure that out as well.
Okay.
For question for I'm asking you to write a code to test if a number is even or odd gay.
So let's assume you're going to take just whatever number say X equals to 20 for instance.
And number two here I'm going to do simply take the value of x and test if the number is even an hour.
If you guys recall that we use the mod to give me the remainder value Okay let's start afresh at.
If I think let's say the value of x and do percentage get and then divided by two.
All right that will give me whatever value of x when divided by two.
And will give me the remainder of that number which is in this case 20 is actually divisible to the
remainder is going to be equal to zero.
Okay so I'm going to do here.
I'm going to check for example on the value of Y's still going say y equals to the remainder of this
operation.
Okay let's add on it.
Let's run it and let's plot or let's have you why.
So simply put what I could do here is going to test okay if y or if there's value here.
The result of this operation is zero.
That number is even.
Ok if that is all key it is one that mean that number is odd.
That's it.
That's pretty much a test.
Obviously when we move forward and you know kind of you know go through the code of advanced topics
we're going to learn about if condition Okay and how can we actually perform kind of kind of a condition
statement here.
We did uncover that.
So I'm just you know the overall idea is to pick a number divided by two and test if the number is even
amended to 0.
That means that even the remainder is not equal to zero.
That means it is OK.
OK let's give it a shot.
Let's assume that we're going to test it for 25.
If I had done it 25 25 divided by two did that mean the remainder would be equal to one.
That means why.
Because 25 is action not divisible by two.
That's why you come up with the remainder that indicates then that number simply is an odd.
OK I'm perfect.
I hope you guys were able to figure that out as well.
Okay here I'm asking you it's a couple of cents first.
And here I am asking you to write a code x number.
Square that number and then take that result and gets its square back again.
So simply you would end up with the exact same or addition a value of that number.
Okay let's take a look.
So let's assume I'm going to define a value called x.
I'm going to put let's say Ford into it.
And in order to get the square of the value for you as it remember we did it would take X and we do
times times right.
And that will give me kind of this the the the power of.
In a way.
So get the so basically squared right and there will you get to put it in a let's say very book called
Y.
So I'm going to call it quits for going around it and then get to do four square.
And that should generate y value for it it 16 which makes sense.
Now I'm asking you to take the result and get and get the square root of it so you will end up basically
with the exact same number.
Is this kind of thinking for squaring it.
The genetics 16 get the square root that gives you need for temeka again.
Right.
If you a call I cannot do this quedagh directly.
I know that I have to in order to do the square root and I say OK is that equal to mass.
Does it square root of the main value of my value Y.
Right but I can do this.
I have to import because it is called import the module which is maths first gay.
Right.
If I did that and if I wanted to views that is going to list that here is just to review it.
That would really turn back again.
The value of.
Which makes sense took four square that the result got it square root and that would need the value
for which is pretty much exacting value that I started with 2 from the beginning.
OK and that's kind of a quick overview of the first quick solution of the first question that we had.
I hope you guys enjoy that.
And in the next election are going to keep going and I'm going to finish the seven remaining questions.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and see you in the next lecture.